there's a growing sense that Apple is
gonna be removing the Lightning port off
of their iPhones in two years time to
make an iPhone that is completely no
ports it'll be entirely dependent on
wireless everything wireless charging
wireless connectivity and I can't say
I'm surprised but at the same time it's
it's strange like they would be moving
from lightning ports that they've had on
their iPhones for six seven years and
then moving to a completely port list of
ice they'd be skipping UCC completely
and I feel like there's a really
interesting conversation around this
topic so Apple has this weird or amazing
or bizarre track record of being able to
sell or market a an idea that people
don't think that they want into
something that gets adopted by the
industry and consumers to the point
where becomes this desirable feature so
as an example like their computers back
in the day they launched the MacBook Air
and they launched this laptop that did
not have an optical drive and at the
time people were like this is crazy
you're selling a laptop that doesn't
have a CD drive like who wants that
years later that's what everyone wants
and same with us PC ports on their Mac
books there was a ton of pushback when
they launched with that thing and it's
been slower to adopt but a lot of laptop
manufacturers are now making these use
PC port only devices but the biggest and
just craziest example of Apple's ability
to do this was their courageous removal
of the headphone jack when they first
announced the iPhone 7 people were up in
arms about the disappearance of that
port because the headphone jack is such
a integral part of their smartphone
experience if you want to listen to
music take a caller just plug up your
headphones and you're good to go and
they remove it so people were upset
companies were making fun of them there
were ads or mocking the disappearance of
this port but two years later look where
we are now every single smartphone
manufacturer their flagship phones has
now removed the headphone jack and I
don't know if it's because Apple's
really good at marketing stuff or if
just companies realize that you can make
some extra money if you remove this port
and make no mistake about it every phone
company that have removed their
headphone jacks from their phones is now
selling you some wireless earbuds
alongside like Apple has their air pods
Samsung has our galaxy buds oneplus
the wireless bullets and also their new
upcoming wireless earbuds that were
leaked so I wouldn't be surprised if at
this point every phone company's like
thankful to Apple for having opened this
door for extra revenue know the concept
of a fully wireless port 'less iPhone is
not new back in 2017 there were rumors
that even the iPhone 10 was slated to be
a wireless phone with no port but it
seems like wireless charging techni for
them at the times the accident and came
with regular lightning ports on their
phones but I don't think that the user
experience for iPhones would really
change all that much if these phones
became Wireless like these phones have
access to airdrop they have good
wireless charging and even iOS
developers have had access to wireless
app development for a while since 2017 I
think it does however change apples
revenue like now they're able to sell
wireless stuff accessories wireless
dongles wireless things to connect to
other devices that don't have wireless
capabilities it's extra revenue for them
and there's this there's this idea that
if Apple does this and somehow the
revenue streams are nice for a wireless
port 'less iPhone what's to stop Android
from copying the same way that they
copied the removal of the headphone jack
in pursuit of extra revenue and this is
my issue with this for Android phones
half the reason why I like my Android
phone so much is because of their
ability to connect to my computer with a
USB C cable like being able to transfer
files to and from my phone is something
I really value and I feel like a lot of
Android users are in that same boat now
there's probably some advantages to a
port list phone like it might make
waterproofing easier and might make the
design aesthetic a little cleaner in
theory there's more room in there so you
can have a bigger battery but that's the
argument they were using with the
headphone jack and there's probably not
much merit to that I don't know we've
seen how powerful Apple's decisions can
be like on the iPhone 7 when they
removed that port it was this simple
decision that had a huge effect on the
entire smartphone industry so what's
your take on this like personally I
think this is gonna happen I feel like
Apple has been trying to make these port
lists wireless phones for a while it all
makes sense
and like if you're an Apple user are you
cool with this but I think the bigger
question is do you think this is the
direction that smartphones are gonna
take these portlets devices down the
line okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it
subs have you loved it see you guys next
time